How much loan amount can I borrow in a Car Loan?
You can borrow a loan amount from Rs50000 upto Rs30 Lakhs for Salaried Individuals and upto
Rs1 Crore for Self-employed Individuals and Professionals depending on your eligibility basis the
financial documents submitted, repayment capacity and loan amount required. RBL Bank only
sanctions car loans for New Car purchase.
How will I repay my Car Loan?
We offer Car Loan as a term loan which can be repaid in easy EMIs (Equated Monthly Installments). EMI
can be paid through ECS facility, Standing Instruction to debit your RBL Bank account or through Post
Dated Cheques with your EMI amount. EMI amount can be calculated using ‘EMI Calculator’ .
For how many months can I borrow a Car Loan?
We offer convenient repayment options from 12 to 60 months.
How much LTV can I get in a Car Loan?
RBL Bank offers an LTV (Loan to Value) upto 90% of the value of the new car (includes Ex. Showroom
Price + VAT + Insurance)
What is the security to avail a Car Loan?
Your vehicle is hypothecated to RBL Bank and lien is marked in favour of RBL Bank on the Registration
Certificate, Final Invoice and Insurance Policy.Do I have to pay any Processing Fees or Charges to avail a Car Loan?
A processing fee of a maximum of 1% of the loan amount (plus Service Tax at the prevailing rate) is
required to be paid. This fee will be deducted from the Loan amount at the time of the disbursal of
your loan.
Is there an option to prepay the Car Loan earlier? Are there any charges?
No foreclosure is allowed before the loan has completed 6 months. However, you can prepay the car
loan after having paid 6 EMIs with applicable foreclosure charges (plus Service Tax at the prevailing
rate). Foreclosure charges of 5% of the principal outstanding will be charged, if you foreclose the loan
before 12 months. Foreclosure charges of 3% of the principal outstanding will be charged post
completion of 12 months of the loan. Loan can be foreclosed by paying the foreclosure amount
through a Demand Draft / Cheque at any of the RBL Bank branch.
Are there any benefits of having a Current/Saving Account with RBL Bank for my
Car loan?
You get the benefit of easier documentation if you have a Current / Savings Account with RBL Bank. You
can avail of paying your EMI through Standing Instructions to debit your RBL Bank Account for the loan.
This will be taken into consideration at the time of disbursal of the loan.
Am I allowed to sell the vehicle before repaying the loan?
No, you cannot sell the vehicle unless your loan is closed. An NOC (No Objection Certificate) is required
from RBL bank before you can sell the vehicle.
How do I get the lien clear after closing the loan?
After the vehicle loan is closed post payment of the last EMI, you can get the lien of RBL bank on your
vehicle cancelled. You will be issued 1) a loan closure letter by the bank 2) Form 35 and 3) NOC for the
RTO (Regional Transport Office) to cancel the lien from the RC (Registration Certificate) book. A second
NOC will be issued to the insurance company requesting them for the deletion of their lien from the
policy.

How much loan amount can I borrow in a Personal Loan?
You can borrow loan amount from Rs1 Lakh to Rs20 Lakhs depending on your eligibility basis the financial
documents submitted, repayment capacity and loan amount limit in your respective location.
For how many months can I borrow a Personal Loan?
We offer convenient repayment options from 12 to 60 months. Tenor offered will be at the sole discretion of
RBL Bank.
How will I repay my Personal Loan?
We offer Personal Loan as a term loan which can be repaid in easy EMIs (Equated Monthly Installments). EMI
can be paid through ECS facility, Standing Instruction to debit your RBL Bank account or though Post Dated
Cheques with your EMI amount. EMI amount can be calculated using ‘EMI Calculator’.
Can I club my income with others to avail a higher Personal Loan?
Clubbing of income is allowed with salaried spouse. Income of your spouse needs to be regular in nature and
should be documented. Spouse income will be considered for clubbing of income as per Policy.
How long will it take for my Personal loan to be approved?
The Bank would update you about the loan decision in approximately 10 working days from the date of receipt
of the completed application form with all the required documents.
Is there any security that I need to provide to get a Personal Loan?
RBL Bank offers Personal loan as an unsecured loan and hence you do not need to provide for any Security or
Collateral for availing a Personal Loan.
Do I have to pay any Processing Fees or Charges to avail a Personal Loan?
A processing fee of up to 3% of the loan amount (plus Tax at the prevailing rate) is required to be paid. This fee
will be deducted from the Loan amount at the time of the disbursal of your loan.
Is there an option to prepay my Personal Loan earlier? Are there any charges?
No foreclosure is allowed before the loan has completed 12 months. However, you can prepay the Personal Loan
after having paid 12 EMIs with applicable foreclosure charges. Foreclosure charges of 5% of the principal
outstanding will be charged, if you foreclose the loan before 18 EMIs. Foreclosure charges of 3% of the
principal outstanding will be charged post completion of 18 EMIs of the loan. Loan can be foreclosed by paying
the foreclosure amount through a Demand Draft / Cheque at any of the RBL Bank branch. Please refer to the
schedule of charges for more details.
Are there any benefits of having a Current/Saving Account with RBL Bank for my
Personal loan?
You get the benefit of easier documentation if you have a Current / Savings Account with RBL Bank. You can
avail paying your EMI through Standing Instructions to debit your RBL Bank Account for the loan. This will be
taken into consideration at the time of disbursal of the loan.
How much finance can I avail against the property
value?
You can borrow up to 80 % of the market value of your property subject to your income
eligibility.
I do not have documented financials but I do have the repayment capacity, will I get a
loan?
We have various options available under which we can offer you loans i.e. income based and
surrogate income based loans. We have the understanding of your business and can determine
your loan eligibility accordingly.
For how long a period can I get loan?
We grant Home loans from minimum 3 years to maximum 20 yrs. The term for the loan will be
restricted to the retirement age or 60 yrs at loan maturity for salaried customers and 65 years for
self employed customers.
Do I need a co-applicant?
Yes. All the co - owners of your property will have to sign up as co-applicants. For a sole
property owner or applicant, one adult member in the family will need to sign up as a co-
applicant. In case of partnership firm or a company, partners and promoter directors
respectively need to be co-applicants. 
What is the applicable rate of interest?
The rate of interest varies depending upon your loan amount, property type, income etc and this
will be communicated to you by our sales representatives.
Do I have the option of pre-paying the entire loan amount?
Yes. One can pre-pay the loan at any time after 6 months from the date of final disbursement of
the loan. Foreclosure charges will be levied as applicable.
What are the foreclosure charges?
Foreclosure charges will be 5% + service tax on the outstanding loan amount at the time of
foreclosure if the loan is closed within 12 months from the date of 1st disbursement. Foreclosure
charge will be 3% + service tax if loan is closed between 12- 24 months from the date of 1st
disbursement. The foreclosure charge will be 2% + service tax if loan closed after 24 months
from the date of 1st disbursement.
Can I make part pre-payment?
You can make part pre-payments of a minimum amount of Rs 50,000 after 6 months from the
date of first disbursement of the loan. This payment can be made only once in a financial year
subject to a maximum of 25% of the balance outstanding against your loan amount at the time
of request.
All part prepayments made 12 months prior to the foreclosure of the loan will be charged at the
applicable foreclosure rate at the time of foreclosure.
Can I avail any tax benefit?
You can get Exemption under Sec 80 c of IT Act for repayment of principle and deduction
under Sec 24 of IT Act for interest payment on housing loan.
How do I repay the loan?
You can pay either by way for Electronic Clearing System (ECS) or by way of Post dated
cheques (PDCs).
